On the track
On the tracks
Off the track
Off the tracks
Tanker carrying
Truck carrying
Semi carrying
Trailer carrying
Officer involved
Officer-involved
Deputy-involved
Deputy involved
Officer down
Deputy down
Officers shot
Student shot
Students shot
Officer shot
deputy has been shot
deputy was shot
deputies have been shot
deputies were shot
officer has been shot
officer was shot
Officers have been shot
Officers were shot
Deputies shot
Deputy shot
Sheltering in place
Shelter in place
Activeshooter
Activeshooters
Emergency landing
Landing gear
landed safely
landed safe
lands safely
land safely
safe landing
Engine fire
Engine malfunction
Active shooter
Active shooters
Shooter
Shooters
multiple individuals stabbed
multiple individuals shot
multiple people stabbed
multiple people shot
Multiple arrests
Numerous arrests
Several arrests
Beginning arrests
Starting to arrest
Arrests have begun
Arrests are beginning
Armed police
Armed cops
Armed response
Armed with
Armed robbery
Armed and dangerous
Gunman
Gunmen
With a gun
Brought a gun
Brought a firearm
Brought a knife
Brought a weapon
With a firearm
With a knife
Carrying a gun
Guns drawn
Guns out
Firearms drawn
Weapons drawn
Major injuries
Severe injuries
Serious injuries
Major injury
Severe injury
Serious injury
Has a gun
Mass casualty
mass-casualty
mass injuries
mass injury
Has a firearm
Has a knife
Suspicious package
Suspect package
Suspect bag
Suspect item
Suspect object
Suspicious device
Suspicious item
Suspicious bag
Suspicious object
Suspicious baggage
Suspicious letter
Unattended bag
Unattended luggage
White powder
Hearing gunshots
Heard gunshots
Hearing gunfire
Heard gunfire
Hear shots
Heard shots
Hearing shots
Hear shooting
Heard shooting
Hearing shooting
Heard gun shots
Hearing gun shots
Hear gun shots
Antrax
ricin
Multiple shots
Multiple victims
Multiple casualties
Numerous casualties
Numerous victims
Numerous shots
Death toll
Multiple fatalities
Numerous fatalities
Multiple injuries
Numerous injuries
Lockdown
Lock down
Locked down
lockeddown
Explosive device
Incendiary device
Ied
Improvised explosive
Pipebomb
Pipe bomb
pipe-bomb
Vbid
Secret service
Usss
Capital police
Capitol police
Gas leak
Gas line
Water main
Swat
Bomb threat
Shooting threat
Patrol car
Patrol cars
Police car
Police cars
Police suv
Police suvs
Police cruiser
Police cruisers
Squad car
Squad cars
Cop car
Cop cars
Police van
Police vans
Police vehicle
Police vehicles
Fbi van
Fbi vans
Fbi car
Fbi cars
Fbi vehicle
Fbi vehicles
Emergency vehicle
Emergency vehicles
Derail
Derailment
Derailed
Hostage situation
Hostages
Barricade
Barricaded
standoff
Small plane
Small aircraft
Chemical leak
Chemical spill
Fuel leak
Fuel spill
Chlorine
Ammonia
With credit
W credit
w/credit
Cordon
Cordoned
Cordoning
Hazmat
Bomb squad
Bomb disposal
Controlled explosion
Controlled detonation
there's a shooting
shoot up the school
shoot up our school
shoot up my school
Escaped prisoner
Escaped prisoners
Missing prisoner
Missing prisoners
Escaped inmate
Escaped inmates
Missing inmate
Missing inmates
Escaped fugitive
Escaped fugitives
Missing fugitive
Missing fugitives
In the base
On the base
At the base
Marine Base
Military Base
Army Base
Fort
Afb
Recruiting center
Recruitment center
Air station
Security alert
Security incident
Police incident
Security gate
Security gates
Checkpoint
Tsa
Amber alert
Missing child
Missing infant
Missing since
Year old missing
Reported missing
Evacuate
Evacuating
Evacuation
Evacuated
Evacuations
2 alarm
3 alarm
4 alarm
5 alarm
2nd alarm
3rd alarm
4th alarm
5th alarm
2nd alm
3rd alm
4th alm
5th alm
Alm fire
Alarm fire
Police chase
Speed pursuit
Jumper
Threatening to jump
Suicidal
Rocket siren
Rocket sirens
Missile siren
Missile sirens
Rocket alert
Rocket alerts
Missile alerts
Missile alerts
Police helicopter
Police helicopters
Air ambulance
Multiple ambulances
Several ambulances
Numerous ambulances
Of ambulances
Dead body
Body found
Loud explosion
Large explosion
Big explosion
Huge explosion
Heard an explosion
Hearing explosions
Explosion heard
explosion reported
explosions reported
reports of an explosion
reports of explosion
Explosion reported
Hear an explosion
Massive explosion
Massive explosions
Tons of police
Lots of police
Lot of police
Ton of police
Bunch of police
Tons of cops
Lots of cops
Lot of cops
Ton of cops
Bunch of cops
Car chase
Chasing a car
Huge blast
Large blast
Enormous blast
Huge bang
Loud bang
Enormous bang
On base
Secure in place
heavily armed
Long gun
Long guns
Evacuation order
Evacuation orders
Mandatory evacuation
Mandatory evacuations
Homes evacuated
Houses evacuated
secure-in-place
Explosion at
Explosion in
Explosion on
Explosion near
Thereâ€™s a shooting
There was a shooting
There Has Been A Shooting
squawk
squawking
declared an emergency
declaring an emergency
declare an emergency
mass shooting